you open up this suitcase and their eyes
light up with Wonder until they ask it's
just a big laptop no way man it's a TV a
it weighs like 30 lb well yeah cuz it's
a home theater in a
box how much is
it how much does it
cost the LG standby Migo spelled like I
am claiming to have written the hit
Eminem song El leave is a briefcase
system designed for entertainment on the
go inside this box is everything you
need for movie night in the woods a
bright 27-in smart display four speakers
in Stereo configuration and a battery to
power the whole thing but none of that
is what made us want to talk about it
it's rare that a device splits our
team's opinions this cleanly on the one
hand we've got the pragmatists who
expect the most performance for their
dollar they aren't thrilled with this
thing but then we've got the gadget
Geeks Who are always excited to see cool
new ideas and the standby Migo is
certainly that it's eye-catching it's
different it's kind of cool but is it
good let's find out after this quick
message from our sponsor vessie protect
your feet from precipitation and
perspiration with vessie and their
diatex technology check them out at the
link below and use code Linus Tech tips
to get 15% off for fun this is my first
actual Hands-On with this thing and the
real question is is it cool to have my
own little home theater in the woods I
got to say I kind of thought it was
going to be stupid but immediately I'm
looking at it going this would have come
in handy so many times I mean it's more
luggable than portable but the colors
pop the anti- glare performs way better
than I expected immediate Impressions
kind of like it it's a little cold today
thank I got my 3D downjacket LTD
store.com but if I wanted to watch TV
outside or play games it's probably
Dumber Solutions got little rubber
corners on it for
ruggedness oh whoa
hi oh yeah it does that oh yeah it does
just in case you want that to happen
given how close you're seemingly
intended to sit to it 1080p does feel
like a bit of a compromise but overall
there's got to be Dumber Ways to solve
this problem we pleasantly surprised to
find that the display has pretty good
color accuracy this is in spite of a bit
of overemphasis on the Reds and a color
temperature that pushed cool by default
for a little boost in luminance bit more
on that later we measured an average
Delta of just 2.68 and in this Vivid
mode and plugged in we also measured
around 500 nits Peak brightness which is
not amazing but certainly usable but
wait says 250 when plugged in
250 when you're on the beach you get 250
nits
450 okay a portable power
station that kind of defeats the purpose
of this thing don't you think so even
though it's Dolby vision and hdr10
compatible it's on battery performance
250 nits Peak with no local dimming
means that the highest thing about your
High dynamic range is probably going to
be that fungus that you found behind a
tree or who knows maybe I'll be
pleasantly surprised all right magad
gals how you going to look on this oh my
God it switched into Dolly Vision mode
and immediately it's like
d it switches out of the Vivid mode so
you can switch it back for a little
color or we can plug you
in it's not even broad daylight guys
it's freaking overcast and foggy and
this looks like I have my laptop screen
in power saving mode this is on battery
right now it's on battery let's plug it
in shoot man that's not good I can't see
right now swipe from the top see if the
brightness is at Max it should be but
swipe is this a touchcreen is a touch
screen well there's good news and bad
news the good news is the touchcreen
works the bad news is that's it boss
this is not HDR that's not a flame
that's white this is not fire or lava or
whatever the crap it's supposed to be
it's yellow circles and that's what the
low Peak brightness is going to do to
you what are these speakers going to do
to
[Music]
you what a
disappointment they had this entire
enclosure here and they put the speakers
behind the screen hold on the speakers
are in here yes
why all they had to do
was put some angled drivers in here so
that they would actually hit you instead
of bouncing off the back of the monitor
not trying to be a jerk about it or
anything but that's not how you do this
nope if I do this and I sit here it
sounds way better yeah you're right it's
not impeded yeah yeah you're not wrong
why you don't build a speaker and then
put a thing in front of it Here's a
thought though maybe that Dolby Atmos
label is less about clear dialogue in
your movie and more about pounding That
Base when you're around the campfire
let's see how she
[Music]
fares wow it doesn't sound good from
back here either dude they had all this
room in
it and they didn't put in a sub yeah the
next thing I've been asked to try is the
ambient wall paper so I like healing why
don't we fire up a cozy
fireplace now my next challenge is to
turn off the screen while my background
music or audio plays in order to
preserve battery
life oh wow webos is a little laggy on
this thing
click
okay I give up the only way is to use
the voice controls that are disabled by
default seriously yeah I see on a normal
lgtv remote they have a button so that
you can just talk at it when you want it
to be listening but on this one I guess
they cheaped out on the remote it
doesn't have a button so it just has an
always on threshold so it has to be
disabled by default I see hi
LG turn on off the
display okay I'll turn off the screen
thanks Tik Tok wow well there it
is you can also use your LG phone app
cuz you definitely have that installed
video and music are just part of the
pitch for the standby me go though it's
got some basic onboard processing a
touch
display and it can rotate as I showed
you guys before to portrait mode so you
can mirror your phone's display to it as
long as you twist it this way and it
should be noted that we had somewhat
mixed results with that but what you can
also do is load in some of the apps that
are built into LG's web OS or download
new ones including games I'm going to
play billi and marble oh it's Monopoly
how about a Philippine City
purchase uh okay how do I not this game
it occurs to me now that I had asked for
a particular game on Android cuz I
forgot oh right web OS they don't have
Android games necessarily okay can I can
I Dodge or you can move what is this
game a tank battle dude come on uh okay
ah my notes say that we experienced some
responsiveness
issues take that Anakin I have The High
Ground even at its best the web OS game
library is going to make you wish you
had anything else attached to this thing
the good news is you can all right all
right all right fine we'll go home go to
HDMI oh oh it fell through the table oh
that's not good I mean look if it
couldn't survive that then it's not
really suitable for camping
anyway how's the motion Clarity for you
being completely honest I wasn't even
paying attention to the motion Clarity
of this display not because it's good
it's really
bad but I just didn't really feel like
that was the point of it uh here's a
question what if I just unplugged the
Ally and handed it to
you which one do you think is going to
be better
oh wow is this ever a better
display what's really embarrassing from
my point of view is LG literally are the
guys when it comes to
IPS why is this the cheapest worst IPS
panel why do you even still make these
ones the thing is a lot of what I've
said so far is evaluating it as a
television but it's Unique so why don't
we try something unique let's play a
two-player game Let's Play The Chess the
chess I'm a big fan of the chess do you
chess not really cuz I don't really
chess I think we're both about to
embarrass ourselves then it's okay I'm
going to bring out my Rook right away
I'm going to be a pro bring out my king
what okay I I don't think Pro works the
way you think it works I'm going to
bring out both Rooks it's the two Rook
defense a country is only as strong as
its king a country is only as powerful
as its pawns it's loyal servants check
no here we go you kill it no I don't
want to you don't want to kill it I
believe in peace if you guys want to see
the whole chess game L mg. g/f flat
plane we're going to have it up there
why you run
away you're falling for one of the
classic
blunders what what
the
[Laughter]
what that I have no idea what happened
in all seriousness though there are
other aspects of the device that we
should talk about battery life is
advertised at around 3 hours we got four
to five and that was streaming Disney
plus and YouTube the io is both limited
and good enough you've got a power in a
battery on and off button an IR blaster
Port just in in case you want to set up
a relay a USB port which I could
definitely see people using you bring
along your little collection of videos
to watch in the tent or whatever the
case may be and a single HDMI port one
thing that does feel a little
conspicuously absent given that it's a
smart TV is any kind of connectivity
there's Wi-Fi obviously but there's no
ethernet Jack and maybe more importantly
there's nowhere to put a SIM in it or
anything like that so you're pretty much
tethering to a phone if you want a
connection and you'll need a connection
ction because there's no internal
accessible storage realistically though
in spite of all of my complaints if
you're the kind of person who wants a
standby me go whether it's for Van life
or giving presentations on the road you
already know who you are and I'm
honestly not here to argue that it's
utterly unique so why don't we focus
then on the ways that I feel LG could
improve this experience for the people
who need something like this losing
almost half of our brightness when when
we're away from power is a huge Downer
when the whole point of this thing is to
be away from power on top of that once
the external juice is cut we saw some
240 HZ flickering remember this is a 60
HZ display meaning that there were
duplication artifacts in high motion
scenes it's not a huge deal in most
slow-moving video content but it's
definitely distracting if you got your
PS5 hooked up and you want a game or
wait okay that's a bit of a problem too
the standby Migo doesn't share power
with external devices it's like saaron
okay so you're going to need a power
station for anything that is beefier
than a USB drive with your MP4s on it
and at that point compact portable
monitors go up to 24 in now and pair
very nicely with stereo ready Bluetooth
speakers from the likes of JBL or sound
core none of that is my biggest issue
though my biggest problem is the cost
you could buy a whole ass all-in-one
computer with a built-in battery like
the HP EnV move for much less than the
standby Mig go and then you end up with
a full fat Windows PC instead of this
weak web OS machine we're going to have
links to some alternative suggestions in
the video description this thing was 400
500 bucks it's a winner and even at
6700 I still think it has a place but at
$1200 look if you like it you like it
it's not awful it's it's just it's hard
not to compare it to existing less
expensive Solutions even if they are a
little less elegant like this inelegant
segue oh no to our sponsor vessie
dreaming of long summer walks during the
cold winter months well don't Let the
Rain Fall Down and disrupt your dreams
walk free with vessie they claim their
shoes are 100% waterproof thanks to
their diatex technology even the most
torrential downpours don't stand a
chance
the Chelsea and stormburst shoes are
fantastic companions for the winter
weather with the comfort of a sneaker
and the warmth and higher top of a boot
so you can treat your toes while
laughing at Mother Nature's futile
attempts to dampen your spirits and feet
and when the skies clear up their
weekend and everyday classic sneakers
are great for just wearing about while
still offering enough protection from
the wet Outdoors when you come home from
your journey you will come in clean so
head to vy.com Linus techtips and get 50
% off your first purchase with code
Linus Tech tips if you enjoyed this
video cuz you like unique tech for on
the go why don't you check out our video
on the maase B21 briefcase PC it's
somehow less Sleek than this thing but
it's definitely more powerful